Justin Patera
Software Engineer &
Hardware Technician
Contact
Phone/Text: (772) 643-3621
Email: serialhex@gmail.com
Local: Vero Beach, FL
GitHub: [https://github.com/serialhex]
Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/justinpatera

Programming Languages
I am familiar with a variety of programming languages.
Because such languages are more like dialects one can use to talk to a computer
- rather than full-blown languages -
this list is incomplete, as picking up the basics of a language is quite simple
and straight-forward once you know some common idioms.

Languages Used
• Common Lisp • Elixir • Clojure • Scheme • Haskell • XML
• C • Ruby • JavaScript • Python • PowerShell • SQL • C++

Hardware Expertise

15+ years experience in:
• Building and repairing PC's • Troubleshooting and repairing laptops • Network administration,
including initial set up, cable run, switch and router installation and repairs when needed.
• Technical experience with Windows OS, MacOs/iOS, and Linux OS • Data Management, backup and
recovery • Server set up, install and maintenance • LAN set up and maintenance • Printer set up
• Desktop hardware configuration • Network Protocols • Hardware and software purchasing

Software Expertise

6+ years experience in:
• Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint • Creation and upkeep of auto generated
forms • Creation and upkeep of customized tools for time saving and increased accuracy
• Micrsoft.net tools • Software installation and updates • Domain name registration


Work History

Level 3 Inspection (Feb 2016 - Feb 2022):
Common Lisp, C/C++, VBScript, Python, Powershell.

Premier Citrus (Dec 2018 - Jan 2019):
C & Assembly, prepped and wired proprietary computer control boxes for laser systems.

ACT Computers (2012-2014):
Built and repaired computers, set up and debugged networks.

Programming Projects
Open Source

• Participated in Hacktoberfest 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. Added exercises to the Excercism.io
Common Lisp path. Worked on Apollo-11 code transcription for historic preservation and other
projects. (Common Lisp)

• Contributed to Shogun Machine Learning Toolkit with some Random Number Generators
(Ziggurat method, C)

Closed Source
• Created automation to take data from Michigan, and automatically upload, post-process, and output
reports in CSV, Excel and in Google Docs concurrently, both on a per-part and for general part statistics.
(VBS, Python, Elixir)

• Wrote the operational code necessary for a 3D Structured Light scanner. Mostly including data
structures, timing routines, and numerous algorithms to process hundreds of images in a few seconds.
Along with limited visualizations. (C++, CUDA, Common Lisp)

